This will be my tagline: Quality websites, built for the future.

This will be my introductory text, a paragraph(s) totalling at least 150 words that welcome user, state the goal of the portfolio website, and describe my ambitions and something positive I feel about working in web: My name is Matt Roddy, I have a passion in Web Design and Development because I believe there is always something new to learn. I am currently pursuing an Associate in Science Degree in Multimedia Technologies, with a Concentration in Web Design and Development. This is my portfolio website which I have created to demonstrate my abilities in Front-End Web Development, and I am proud to display some of my highly accomplished projects. I always want to try something new with my websites, and love working on various project topics that give me the freedom to use different styles and layouts. I am willing to take on any challenge or project that comes my way and want to do everything I can to create a website to the satisfaction of my clients and their customers. I want to develop quality experiences for website users and provide a client with the best service that I can offer.

Here is a piece description for one piece that my portfolio will show, following the format outlined on Blackboard: 
Title & Type of Site: Call of The River Soaps E-Commerce Website.
Talent Showcased: Design, Front-End Development, Responsive Layout 
Objective: Inform the user about the Call of the RIver line of soap products, and allow them to make purchases of products through the website.
Target Audience: Target Audience: Adults
Highlights: 

1) Hand-coded PHP was used in this project to pull product information from a MySQL database and display it on the webpage

2) The layout was coded to be responsive and rearrange effectively at various screen sizes, from desktop to mobile.

3) A CSS grid allows the products to be laid out attractively and responsively, the user can click on any of the products to visit an individual information page about that product.

4) Dignified and appealing color scheme created with natural browns and greens to give the target audience an enhanced impression that the products are naturally made
